# Agvisor

## My project is an AI agent that acts as a board of advisors for businesses centered around agriculture, including farms, ranches, dairies, and any business that is directly involved in agriculture. This website allows for users to select which agriculture related business they run, and to provide basic information about their business (in the form Income Statements, Balance Sheets, Cash Flow Statements, etc.), so that the advisors can provide insight assisting in decision making and highlight some of the risks that may come with a company's future ambitions. The advisors will provide relevant information and give detailed, yet comprehensible graphs and tables that help the user to visualize data projections. 
## The board of advisors consists of a lead strategist, financial, marketing and operations experts, as well as a legal specialist. In addition to this, I intend to create other various positions that cater further towards individual fields of agriculture, which include an agronomist and sustainability advisor. My desire is to create a website that captures the essential nature of a board of advisors by having agents with certain areas of expertise bounce ideas off of one another to make the most informed decision possible. This will give businesses within the agriculture industry the information and data necessary to positively impact strategic decision making, without incurring the costs of a board of advisors for all decisions. While the AI agents will be able to give informed reports and analysis based on previous data provided, it will not be able to replace the capabilities of human decision makers.
